named: add page (#4645)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/named.md

# named

> > Execute the DNS (Dynamic Name Service) server daemon and convert host names to IP addresses and vice versa.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Execute the DNS (Dynamic Name Service) server daemon that converts host names to IP addresses and vice versa.
```

> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/named>.

- Read the default configuration file `/etc/named.conf`, read any initial data and listen for queries:

`named`

- Read custom configuration file:

> `named -c {{/path/to/named.conf}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`named -c {{path/to/named.conf}}`
```

> - Use IPv4 or IPv6 only, even if the host machine is capable of the other protocol:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Use IPv4 or IPv6 only, even if the host machine is capable of utilising other protocols:
```
